Add documentation for nested pipeline (#4292)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/processing/pipelines.md

{{< img src="logs/processing/pipelines/pipeline_lock.png" alt="Pipeline Lock" responsive="true" style="width:70%;">}}

## Nested Pipelines

> Nested Pipelines are pipelines within a pipeline. Use Nested Pipelines to split the processing in two steps. First a high level filtering, for example by team, and then a second level of filtering thanks to Nested Pipeline based on the integration or service or any other tag or attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nested Pipelines are pipelines within a pipeline. Use Nested Pipelines to split the processing in two steps. First a high-level filtering, for example by team, and then a second level of filtering thanks to Nested Pipeline based on the integration or service or any other tag or attribute.
```

> Nested Pipelines are pipelines within a pipeline. Use Nested Pipelines to split the processing in two steps. First a high level filtering, for example by team, and then a second level of filtering thanks to Nested Pipeline based on the integration or service or any other tag or attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nested Pipelines are pipelines within a pipeline. Use Nested Pipelines to split the processing into two steps. First a high-level filtering, for example by team, and then a second level of filtering thanks to Nested Pipeline based on the integration or service or any other tag or attribute.
```

> Nested Pipelines are pipelines within a pipeline. Use Nested Pipelines to split the processing into two steps. First a high-level filtering, for example by team, and then a second level of filtering thanks to Nested Pipeline based on the integration or service or any other tag or attribute.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Nested Pipelines are pipelines within a pipeline. Use Nested Pipelines to split the processing into two steps. For example, first use a high-level filtering such as team and then a second level of filtering based on the integration, service, or any other tag or attribute.
```
